= trazzler-api

A simple wrapper around the Trazzler API (http://api.trazzler.com/).

== Usage

Install the gem.

=== Manual Install

Standard gem install:

  gem install trazzler-api

After installing the gem you would need to require it.

  require 'trazzler-api'

=== Rails 2.x

In a Rails 2.x project you can add this to your environment.rb:

  config.gem 'trazzler-api'

followed by:

  rake gems:install

=== Rails 3.x

In Rails 3.x add this to your Gemfile:

  gem 'trazzler-api'

followed by:

  bundle install

=== Trip Stack

Fetch a trip stack as follows:

  stack = Trazzler.trip_stack
  stack.current_page
  stack.records[0].post_id
  stack = Trazzler.trip_stack(:login => 'bdmac')
  stack = Trazzler.trip_stack(:location => '39.85,-86.03', :details => true, :page => 3)

This method supports all of the trip_stack parameters supported by the Trazzler API.  Simply pass the parameters into
the method as a hash as shown above.  Check out the documentation here: http://birdfoot.trazzler.com/about/api-docs#get-trip-stack

=== Get Trip

Retrieve a trip by either id or permalink as follows:

  trip = Trazzler.get_trip(:id => 1)
  trip = Trazzler.get_trip(:permalink => 'lauderdale-by-the-sea-florida')
  trip.content
  trip.url

You must specify either an ID or a permalink to use this method.  Check the documentation here: http://birdfoot.trazzler.com/about/api-docs#get-trip

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Brian McManus.

== License

This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.

Anyone is free to copy, modify, publish, use, compile, sell, or
distribute this software, either in source code form or as a compiled
binary, for any purpose, commercial or non-commercial, and by any
means.

In jurisdictions that recognize copyright laws, the author or authors
of this software dedicate any and all copyright interest in the
software to the public domain. We make this dedication for the benefit
of the public at large and to the detriment of our heirs and
successors. We intend this dedication to be an overt act of
relinquishment in perpetuity of all present and future rights to this
software under copyright law.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

For more information, please refer to http://unlicense.org

